basic.sbql slash
biegi_create.sbql slash
calc.sbql slash
class_test.sbql slash
emp-dept-create.sbql slash
emp_id_many.sbql slash
emptyTrans.sbql slash
emp-views.sbql slash
interfaces.sbql dot
liga-create.sbql slash
optimizer-tests.sbql slash
parts-insert.sbql slash
persons-create.sbql slash
prac.sbql slash
quit.sbql slash
samolot-insert.sbql slash
schemaExport.sbql dot
schemaImport.sbql dot
shutdown.sbql slash
singleCreateCompound.sbql slash
singleCreateDouble.sbql slash
singleCreateInt.sbql slash
singleCreateString.sbql slash
singleDerefCompound2.sbql slash
singleDerefCompound.sbql slash
singleDerefInt.sbql slash
skladnia_klas.sbql slash
szpital-create.sbql slash
tescik.sbql slash
test_klas.sbql slash
users-roles-create.sbql slash 
